num_seq = 2
Loading images for sequence 0...LOADED!

-------

ORB-SLAM3 Copyright (C) 2017-2020 Carlos Campos, Richard Elvira, Juan J. Gómez, José M.M. Montiel and Juan D. Tardós, University of Zaragoza.
ORB-SLAM2 Copyright (C) 2014-2016 Raúl Mur-Artal, José M.M. Montiel and Juan D. Tardós, University of Zaragoza.
This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY;
This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
under certain conditions. See LICENSE.txt.

Input sensor was set to: Monocular
In if else strLoadingFile.empty()

Loading ORB Vocabulary. This could take a while...
Vocabulary loaded!

Starting to read the save binary file
loadAtlas, filename: ./MH04-0226.osa
after null construction 
Atlas save OK1
Map OK1 GetKeyFrameSize() map size is: 0
Map load 1 0
Map load 2 0
Map load 3 0
Map load 4 199
Map load 5 199
Map load 6 199
Map load 7 199
Map load 8 199
Map load 9 199
Map OK2
Atlas save OK2, mvpBackupMaps size: 1
mvpCameras size: 0
mvpCameras size is zero
we are close to find the error atlas.h 1
GeometricCamera OK1
GeometricCamera OK4
we are close to find the error atlas.h 1 
Atlas save OK3
-----------------is loading;---------------
Yunshu -- atlas is loading 1
Yunshu -- atlas is loading 2
Yunshu -- atlas is loading for loop
loading mvpCameras size: 2
elapsed time in creating .bin file: 203
now fix keyframe database
 keyframedatabse check 1
 keyframedatabse check 2
End to load the save binary file
  *****KeyFrameDatabase construction  *******
atlas is done loading. need postload
Map id:0
Number of KF: 199
Number of MP: 7644
MP without KF reference 18446744073709551615; Num obs: 3
This is a bad pMPi
This is a bad pMPi
This is a bad pMPi
This is a bad pMPi
This is a bad pMPi
End to rebuild MapPoint references first
 mspKeyFrames.size()199
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
Map::PostLoad mpKFlowerID = pKFi;
Map::PostLoad mpKFinitial = pKFi;
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
mspKeyFrames.size()199
This is a good pKFi
  *****KeyFrameDatabase add  *******
Checking Xukan's add 
End to rebuild KeyFrame references
Number KF:199; number MP:7644
Creation of new map with id: 2
Creation of new map with last KF id: 238
elapsed time in loading .bin file: 1645835558733
first load atlas map size: 2
------press enter to continue------
